Document connection between Ledgeracio CLI and Zondax (#42)
paritytech/ledgeracio: README.md

Other Substrate-based chains are currently not supported, but local devnets
should work as long as their RPC API matches Kusama/Polkadot's.

Ledgeracio only support Unix-like systems, and has mostly been tested on Linux.
That said, it works on macOS and other Unix-like systems that provide the
necessary support for userspace USB drivers.

## What is Ledgeracio?

> Ledgeracio is intended for staking operations.  Previous approaches to staking
> operations required a large amount of error-prone and slow manual work using
> tools like Parity Signer and Polkadot{.js}.  Parity Signer requires scanning a
> QR code for each signature, and Polkadot{.js} can spend several minutes for each
> UI update.  Ledgeracio is a *fast* CLI tool that, together with the Ledgeracio
> Ledger app, can make staking operations far faster and easier.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
Ledgeracio is a CLI app to perform various tasks common to staking on Kusama and 
Polkadot, aka staking-ops.  Ledgeracio is designed to reduce the risk of user
error by way of an allowlist of validators that is set up and signed once and
stored on the Ledger device. Furthermore, Ledgeracio can speed up the workflow
considerably when compared to alternatives using Parity Signer + Polkadot{.js}.
```

I think the main point here is to state clearly what ledgeracio does; explaining why other approaches are suboptimal is relevant but less important imo.

I am a rather verbose person myself and wouldn't mind this section to be longer and ELI5 what a staking-ops workflow could look like in practice. I also don't mind repeating information both here and down below in the docs for single commands (_repetita juvant_).

This repository only contains the CLI.  To submit transactions with Ledgeracio,
you will also need the companion Ledger app.  Experimental versions are
available at [Zondax/ledger-polkadot](https://github.com/Zondax/ledger-polkadot)
and [Zondax/ledger-kusama](https://github.com/Zondax/ledger-kusama).  Please do
not use these unaudited versions in production.  In the near future, Ledger will
approve and sign production versions of these apps, which will be available in

> the Ledger Store.

Reviewer: This is perfect.
